clarify TLS framing (#58)
tlswg/tls-exported-authenticator: draft-ietf-tls-exported-authenticator.md

structures are used even if the TLS connection protocol is TLS 1.2.

The CertificateRequest and ClientCertificateRequest messages are used to define the
parameters in a request for an authenticator.  These are encoded as TLS handshake messages, including 

> length and type fields. They do not include any TLS record layer framing and are not encrypted with a handshake key.

Reviewer: To match the wire format, I'd suggest swapping "length" and "type".

structures are used even if the TLS connection protocol is TLS 1.2.

The CertificateRequest and ClientCertificateRequest messages are used to define the

> parameters in a request for an authenticator.  These messages are encoded as 
> Handshake Messages but do not include any TLS record layer framing, and are not
> encrypted with a handshake key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
parameters in a request for an authenticator.  These are encoded as TLS handshake messages, including 
length and type fields. They do not include any TLS record layer framing and are not encrypted with a handshake key.
```

a hash function for this purpose.  This hash is referred to as the authenticator hash.

To avoid key synchronization attacks, Exported Authenticators MUST NOT be generated or
accepted on TLS 1.2 connections that did not negotiate
the extended master secret {{!RFC7627}}.

## Authenticator Construction

An authenticator is formed from the concatenation of TLS 1.3 {{!TLS13}}
Certificate, CertificateVerify, and Finished messages. These messages are

> encoded as Handshake Messages, including the length and type fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
encoded as TLS handshake messages, including length and type fields.
```

HMAC over the hashed authenticator transcript with a Certificate message
containing no CertificateEntries and the CertificateVerify message omitted.
The HMAC is computed using the authenticator hash, using the Finished MAC Key as a key.

> This message is encoded as a Handshake Message but does not include any TLS record
> layer framing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This message is encoded as a TLS handshake message, including length and type field. It does not include TLS record layer framing.
```
